Stable telemetry observer (#20228)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/framework/client-logger/external-telemetry/README.md

# Description

> This package contains code enabling the production and consumption of typed telemetry for Fluid Framework applications. The typed telemetry from this package is used as the backbone for different Fluid Framework cloud offerings such as dashboards and alarms for Fluid applications. People can also use this package as a reference for customizing and creating their own telemetry solution if desired.

Reviewer: Nit: 
```suggestion
This package contains code enabling the production and consumption of typed telemetry for Fluid Framework applications. The typed telemetry from this package is used as the backbone for different Fluid Framework cloud offerings such as dashboards and alarms for Fluid applications. This package can also be used as a reference for customizing and creating their own telemetry solution if desired.
```

### Telemetry Destinations

> At this time, Azure App Insights is the only available destination for Fluid external telemetry. Eventually, more destinations will be added.

Reviewer: Would probably be good to link to docs for Azure App Insights here.

```ts
import { ApplicationInsights } from "@microsoft/applicationinsights-web";
import { FluidContainer } from "@fluidframework/fluid-static";
import { TelemetryManagerConfig, startTelemetryManagers, createAppInsightsTelemetryConsumer } from "@fluidframework/external-telemetry"

const myAppContainer: FluidContainer = {...your code to create a Fluid Continer}

// Create App Insights Client
const appInsightsClient = new ApplicationInsights({
	config: {
		connectionString:
			"InstrumentationKey=abcdefgh-ijkl-mnop-qrst-uvwxyz6ffd9c;IngestionEndpoint=https://westus2-2.in.applicationinsights.azure.com/;LiveEndpoint=https://westus2.livediagnostics.monitor.azure.com/",
	},
});

// Initializes the App Insights client. Without this, logs will not be sent to Azure.
appInsightsClient.loadAppInsights();

// Create the telemetry manager config object(s)
const telemetryManagerConfig: TelemetryManagerConfig = {
			container: myAppContainer,
			consumers: [createAppInsightsTelemetryConsumer(appInsightsClient)],
		};

// Setup telemetry manager(s)

> startTelemetryManagers(telemetryManagerConfig);

Reviewer: This terminology seems a bit vague to me. The intent of this function is to subscribe to Container lifetime events, right? I wonder if something like `subscribeToContainerEvents` might be more appropriate?

Author: Yeah I have updated this function to be called startTelemetry. We don't expose the telemetry manager concept/class so I think it shouldn't be mentioned
